Expand the contributing some to point to the vscode docs. (#170)
bazelbuild/vscode-bazel: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Setting up your development environment

> To contribute, you likely should already be familiar with VSCode extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To contribute, you likely should already be familiar with VS Code extensions.
```

The best place to start is probably their
[guide](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/get-started/your-first-extension).

> Once somewhat familiar with the process, you just need to checked out this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once somewhat familiar with the process, you just need to check out this
```

> project, do an `npm install` to gets the required packages into the local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project, do an `npm install` to get the required packages into the local
```

> checkout's *node_modules* and then open the directory in VSCode. There are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
checkout's *node_modules* and then open the directory in VS Code. There are
```
